c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\obj\Debug\Inventory.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\bin\Inventory.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\bin\Inventory.pdb
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\bin\AjaxControlToolkit.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\bin\BusinessRule.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\bin\FrameWork.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\bin\DataAccess.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\bin\BusinessRule.pdb
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\bin\FrameWork.pdb
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\bin\AjaxControlToolkit.pdb
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\bin\DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\bin\ar\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\bin\cs\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\bin\de\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\bin\es\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\bin\fr\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\bin\he\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\bin\hi\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\bin\it\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\bin\ja\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\bin\ko\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\bin\nl\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\bin\pt\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\bin\ru\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\bin\tr-TR\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\bin\zh-CHS\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\bin\zh-CHT\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\obj\Debug\Inventory.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Inventory\Inventory\obj\Debug\Inventory.pdb
G:\Inventory\Inventory\bin\Inventory.dll
G:\Inventory\Inventory\bin\Inventory.pdb
G:\Inventory\Inventory\bin\BusinessRule.dll
G:\Inventory\Inventory\bin\FrameWork.dll
G:\Inventory\Inventory\bin\DataAccess.dll
G:\Inventory\Inventory\bin\BusinessRule.pdb
G:\Inventory\Inventory\bin\FrameWork.pdb
G:\Inventory\Inventory\bin\AjaxControlToolkit.pdb
G:\Inventory\Inventory\bin\DataAccess.pdb
G:\Inventory\Inventory\bin\ar\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
G:\Inventory\Inventory\bin\cs\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
G:\Inventory\Inventory\bin\de\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
G:\Inventory\Inventory\bin\es\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
G:\Inventory\Inventory\bin\fr\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
G:\Inventory\Inventory\bin\he\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
G:\Inventory\Inventory\bin\hi\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
G:\Inventory\Inventory\bin\it\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
G:\Inventory\Inventory\bin\ja\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
G:\Inventory\Inventory\bin\ko\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
G:\Inventory\Inventory\bin\nl\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
G:\Inventory\Inventory\bin\pt\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
G:\Inventory\Inventory\bin\ru\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
G:\Inventory\Inventory\bin\tr-TR\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
G:\Inventory\Inventory\bin\zh-CHS\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
G:\Inventory\Inventory\bin\zh-CHT\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
G:\Inventory\Inventory\obj\Debug\Inventory.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\Inventory\Inventory\obj\Debug\Inventory.dll
G:\Inventory\Inventory\obj\Debug\Inventory.pdb
